Release v2.20 (#4)
loongson/la-abi-specs: laelf.adoc

|`+(*(uleb128 *) PC) += S + A+`

|108
|R_LARCH_SUB_ULEB128
|ULEB128 in-place subtraction
|`+(*(uleb128 *) PC) -= S + A+`

|109
|R_LARCH_64_PCREL
|64-bit PC relative
|`+(*(uint64_t *) PC) = (S+A-PC) [63 ... 0]+`

|110
|R_LARCH_CALL36

> |Used for medium code model function call instruction sequence pcaddu18i and jirl, these two instructions must adjacent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Used for medium code model function call sequence `pcaddu18i + jirl`. The two instructions must be adjacent.
```

You could make the document prettier by making the other instruction mnemonics and other appropriate words `inline code blocks` too, while you're at it.

Reviewer 2: Thanks, the next version will consider this.
